Sometimes in service, we meet people who don't speak the language we do.
Yes, I'm a Shema.
Wouldn't it be cool if we had a translator robot that could help us?
Engalting!
Oh, we can't use machines to preach.
But we have something better.
J.W. language.
You can learn to speak to anyone with this.
First, pick the language you already speak.
Second, choose a language you want to learn.
Third, find preaching skills.
What do you need?
Greetings and introductions.
Good, because we need to know how to say hi to them, right?
So let's look at this one.
This is so cool.
Wow, I can talk to Chinese people.
It's going service.
What's the matter?
Hello.
I'm so happy to see you.
Wow!